>> Brian Holt: So I wanna show you
something, I have it here in my notes.
But ultimately,
I think this is an anti-pattern so
we're gonna leave it the way it is.
>> Brian Holt: Well, up to you.
So if we go back to Search,
notice how we're passing in Show
as one entire object, right?
But if would be kind of nice
if we could do kind of passing
all of the,
>> Brian Holt: All
the different properties
as top level items, right?
And also the same props.show.title,
that we could just say props.title, right?
>> Brian Holt: So there's a couple
of ways you could do that.
You could totally just say
title = [show.title] right, and
pass in each one of them individually,
it totally would work.
>> Brian Holt: There's another way to do
this, and it's kind of an anti-pattern but
I'm gonna show you how to do it because
I'm sure you're gonna run into it.
You can say ...show, so
this is called the object spread,
which is not yet a part of JavaScript,
or at least, let me rephrase that.
This is specific to JSX, but
it's emulating this object
spread operator which is stage three,
I believe, now for JavaScript.
The array spread is a part of JavaScript,
but object spread is forthcoming.
>> Brian Holt: And this is just saying,
rather than me saying, title = show.title,
description = show.description, it's
just saying spread all that stuff out so
it's all top-level items.
So if we do this, in fact,
we'll just do it for now so
you can just see how it's done.
Now we get to go back here and
everywhere it says show like that,
we get to eliminate.
>> Brian Holt: So now it just says,
and yep, that one too.
And rather than show being a shape, we're
just gonna delete that and delete that,
and now they're all top level items.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about that?
>> Brian Holt: So, a place where I would
be okay using the spread operator is
when I know what the shape of
every single item is, right?
I know everything that's in that item.
The place where you run into problems,
and let's say inside of this data.json.
>> Brian Holt: In fact,
it's kind of already happening, right?
So we have this imdbID, right, that's
being passed down into our ShowCard now.
I guess it kind of was before because
it was kind of a tag along with
the show item.
But that's being passed onto the ShowCard
and the ShowCard does not need it,
which is kind of a problem.
>> Brian Holt: It's a problem in
a sense of you're moving around a bunch
of data that you don't have to, and
it's just messy, it's messy coding,
it's not being very explicit.
>> Brian Holt: So in this particular case,
it might make sense to you to just say,
actually go out and list each one of them.
>> Brian Holt: If there's one thing
I've learned over the years of coding,
it's that usually being explicit is worth
it, even at the cost of writing more code.
>> Brian Holt: So up to you,
we'll leave it for now.
>> Brian Holt: But
that's what that looks like.
>> Speaker 2: But it sounds like prop
types is okay with extra attributes or
properties.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah it's
not gonna complain.
So, we have a new thing here
kind of showing up, yeah.
Now if you did it that,
go back to ShowCard and get rid of shape,
so we can shut up the linter.
>> Brian Holt: So cuz now we don't need
shape anymore, we just need string.